Alright in this video we are going to
take a look at hacking IntelliJ a
little bit. What we need to do is change
a setting inside IntelliJ system
registry. So really kind of a hidden
feature of IntelliJ but it gives you
access to a lot of things that the folks
at JetBrains probably don't want you
messing with. But in this case we are
going to override a compiler setting
that's going to allow IntelliJ to
dynamically compile files on save and
that's going to trigger the reload
functionality that we're looking for. So
personally, I'm a little bit on lazy side
because I found it annoying it being in
IntelliJ and having to go in and click
build each time that I wanted to trigger
a reload. So I want that to happen
automatically, so as I'm going in working
with the IDE and changing my class files
and whatnot,
I want IntelliJ automatically rebuilding
the project to trigger that dead load. So
my changes are immediately reflected on
the running application. So I'm going to
jump over to IntelliJ now and show you
how to change that property. If you're an
Eclipse user you're all set. Don't worry
about this. But this is just a minor thing
that we have to do for IntelliJ. Alright
I am inside of IntelliJ. We do have the
application running. You can see it running here. I'm
going to do a refresh and resize this a
little bit so we can see the IntelliJ
output. So now as I have refreshed this we
can see that IntelliJ is in fact
refreshing for us and let's go over to
IntelliJ now and what we need to do is
access the registry. So what we want to
do is if you are on a Windows machine,
you will need to do ctrl+shift+A. If
you're on a Mac and you want to do
command+shift+A. So ctrl+shift+A for
Windows, command+shift+a for OSX. So it's
going to be command+shift+a for me and
you want to pre type in registry and
then just select that off the menu. So
it's going to bring up a number of
different things. So we're going to go
into the registry this is the easiest
way to get there and now
what you want to do is find the key
compiler automate allow when app is
running. Okay so this is important
overwrite. So I'm going to select mine
here and it's going to allow the
automate to start even if the develop
application is automatically running. It
gives you a warning there and clearly
JetBrains doesn't want us in here,
changing a lot of these properties. So a lot
of interesting stuff in here that we
probably shouldn't be messing with. But
in this case it's important because if I
come into the project settings and under
build tools compiler in the Java
compiler, see this, we can build a product automatically.
We can select that but
because we are running, it's not going to
take effect. So it's not going to rebuild
a project because down here we are
running at real time. So now if I
make my changes, this triggers a
refresh. That did not. But did do that so
what I'm going to do and you probably
have to do this as well,is stop it and
restart IntelliJ. I'm going to pause it
while that is restarting and come back
live in a minute or two here. Okay I have restarted and you do need to
do one additional thing. It is to come into
settings and that build project
automatically, you do need to select that
and have that selected and the property
that we overrode, overrides this only
works while running and not debugging. So
this will override that. So now we'd say
okay and I come in here and change this,
a bunch of fives there. Now I want to
click out of that. We can see that it is
restarting. If I come over here to the
web application and and do a refresh, you
can see that I'm getting all my fives
there. Add and some fours just so we can
see it and see that it restarts right
away and do a refresh and now we can see
that the fours are being refreshed and
let's double check the template. Adding
that in and my library load wasn't
enabled but now it is. That is not
working. So that works. Okay so still
have to build for the template changes
to take place it looks like. So
unfortunately. Alright so that actually
is picking up so I was mistaken there. So
I was impatient with the reload. So if I
come in here, put 333, toggle over. Sometimes IntelliJ it doesn't save right
away for you. Okay I forwarded ahead a
little bit. I ran into some problems with
how IntelliJ is behaving with the Thymeleaf templates and finding some
inconsistencies there. It might just be
on the newer version of IntelliJ that
I'm running, it might be OS specific, but it's a
little bit flaky because I can come in
and sometimes get the change right away. Especially I saved out of it, see that's changing
there right away and if I change it
to something else,
you know sometimes it doesn't
come through. But you can see it's
working there. I saw a couple examples
where it did not work and I had to go in
and do a build project and then every
time I do a build project, it works
normally. So pretty good integration. Most of
the time it seems to be working
sometimes it's a problem. Not quite sure
what's going on there. These are kind of
new tools and IntelliJ
and Eclipse are definitely going to be
behaving a little bit different. So just
be aware if that does happen to you, it
it might not come through right away. We
can see that it did in that fact but
just a second ago it wasn't working for
me. So then it kind of typical these
things are going to make you a liar. It
wasn't working, that starts working and
you think it's working then it doesn't
doesn't work. But these dev tools, they do
speed up your development. Sometimes they
do hiccup on you so just be aware of
that.